[Music]
this video is made possible by the
following cuties you can check out the
gear they provide to me in the
description below
hey guys Jimmy here and welcome back to
another video today's video is gonna be
a big old mate
courtesy of my good friend and sugar
daddy Neil's missing belt and you guys
have probably heard that they'll just
company before because wait really
different there you go man it's company
design simracing hardware and just being
a sponsor of my channel for as long as I
can remember now but also Niels is a
physics guy and what the rest of us has
been cooped up inside for the last few
weeks and that's not been doing good
things with brain and to show you what I
mean we're gonna go now in game to auto
mobile Easter and yes as you can see the
big Nils has come up with is she happy
she large this is the caterpillar 797 m
and it's so big that it doesn't fit
inside the preview window not even
nearly so the engine has described here
27 206 leads a quad turbocharged single
block four-stroke that uses long
effective power strokes which basically
sums up I get up to what I'm the on the
story to its credit though this does
produce over 4,000 horsepower but weighs
610 kilograms about as much as baby's
testicle and what do we do whenever we
get a stupid car in the simulator or big
old trunk oh we take it to the
Nordschleife burn so that's what we're
gonna be doing today trying to lap this
around the Nordschleife er this however
isn't the only insane thing that Nils
r7e it is fever dream of physics product
but that's gonna have to wait for
another video today we're gonna give all
our attention to the thicky okay so as
you can see we're just chilling out in
the the carpark here from an old
Schleifer um yes starting to see what is
one of the big problems of trying to
drive this thing around this circuit is
that it's really [__] big and what
that means is there any of the bridges
or the gantries had to be removed
because this thing just not go under
them unless you're like perfectly square
so very special track needed to even
attend
to this well here we are on board now we
have to start on a race scenario
otherwise again we can't even get out
the pit lane there you go the turbos
spool and we're away
in our big old truck got the other flags
we are barely moving let's try and get a
speedo on that's not speed over there
you go Hedi heights of 22 kilometers an
hour of course it has to be uphill first
doesn't it
but you guys you've already heard the
best thing if I'm edited this beginner
the way I know I will make a massive
overhaul as you're seeing speed isn't
really the things up side as we struggle
to try and get up the hill where and
also we're taking up pretty much the
entirety of a circus any hope of racing
this thing it's pretty much gone already
oh you're getting a great view here of
the big old Tonka truck tires and back
on board now don't think 7th gear use
that talk now watch this the speed comes
in as we go flying down the hill now up
into eighth gear and you're pretty much
this freewheeling down the hill imagine
seeing one of these things coming
towards you
60 KS that's how you do the big concern
in terms of steering it's quite big it's
almost like you're driving a massive
truck or something and it's really quite
hard to do anything apart from going a
straight line and not really
accelerating very quickly it's not it's
not a performance truck to say the least
it's not a minty oh my god come on you
got this no seventh gear I'm not sure I
can really get around this corner here
so what I'm gonna try and do is go for
the alternative truck baseline see if we
can get through that way
oh it's suffering you can hit the turbos
just doing a constant big old sock but
it's not enough come on come on
no bits of it come on girl look at they
go though look at that ass
okay well given how it's already been a
minute I've only just got to the first
corner to start our traditional lap on
the Nordschleife hot lap challenge I
think we're gonna have to make some
changes now luckily for me Niels is a
madman so whilst this notion exists with
a measly 4,000 horsepower there is
another version of this who sent me so
this is the Hot Rod version the racing
caterpillar 979 and that has 288
thousand horsepower it's only a little
bit more than the truck we were Justin
and weighs also nearly what less than
half the weight of the initial truck so
we've gotten from Summit that can barely
move to something that apparently does
wheelies only the most serious content
of this channel so we're now in our
sports truck apparently fuel usage is
gonna be a thing hopefully we have one
it turned off
Turner up oh the actual speed here we go
here we go we're moving now
[Music]
this is nails oh no oh no there go the
wheels and run our way to the ring we
all know with this phasing through
reality that's a pretty good first
attempt I reckon so obviously this thing
needs a bit more respect than the the
last version I drove so be a bit more
careful this time and see if we get the
thing wheeling apparently it's quite
easy to do so I'm gonna play it like in
the high gear to see if we can get off
the ground tires this thing looks
absolutely ludicrous going around man
bit more careful down here it's the Hall
of horsepower funnily enough dissing the
casual core of a million horsepower easy
peasy
oh Jesus the brakes again surprisingly
the brakes don't work so well in the big
boy truck I mean rejoin Oh perfection
absolute perfection you love to see it
now really I'm gonna have to do my own
kind of version of timing here so we'll
set the time I guess as I go past this
road here in my head and we'll see how
we do maybe come on come on
slow it down we call this have to be it
like no speed at all because I get these
big old fat plastic tires don't really
do much around here
oh but as soon as you hit the power the
entire world implodes it's brilliant oh
we're wheeling again whenever you see
the horizon that's way way up on the
wheels which means that we can't
actually steer oh god that's far too
much speeding to there I'm hitting the
clutch now luckily for me you're very
wondering to me want you hitting
anything it's because Neil's very
graciously turned off collisions I am
however now going for a wall just give
you an idea of scale by the way here we
are right now in the the chase camp
which is basically a helicopter camp
because we so large I mean just now we
are all there
oh my word the dream but when this was a
serious channel I couldn't be neither
I don't either that's good I will go
back on board now to get my my racing
there you go there's so much talking as
a mallet and just like that you didn't
Chandra Ches
[Music]
give me a long video this I'm so scared
of this thing easy there you go
don't get a slight wave Jimmy can you
can't recover
and the wheels have just gone again oh
my God look at the driven time that's a
real Chad's move right there even with
like the height of caution it's so hard
to move this thing having a caught when
winning the horsepower parent is
actually quite tricky I've heard that
now we're gonna be easy here this time
I'm not going at 200 K so I'm before UK
it seems much better in my quarter of a
million kilogram truck not again God
let's break down what happened to you I
just pull off the breach don't know I'm
too far to the right I go in and the
wheels just like there I've got the
wheelie then wheelie but wheelie oh I
think I've lost my wheels
I think I'm up just look at it man just
look at it and then they the rear wheels
the negative rake you love to see it I
think I'm about Center now maybe let's
see nah you know I'm really not
convinced we can get through here so I'm
gonna go more to the left than to the
right cuz I know I'm gonna there's both
sides go off there oh god here we go
okay come on nice and easy nice and easy
Jimmy come on dude easy easy easy
you're up you're up you're up we're up
we're up we're on we made it
yes oh we can't continue anymore bridges
I think there are like one or two right
we'll see when we get there but we don't
want to go down there that is where the
big die happens we don't want to do that
we want to keep our wheels and now we
can get some speed up right
things you can just put it name gear and
it pulls the same with him first gear
there's so much tall it doesn't matter
what gear and he just pull exactly the
same like case in point now oh my god
nails why have you done this can't
believe you've done this now that Nils
removed it a cake full thank God I
thought if we hit this that would be in
the end that bridge is murder of some
others now watch the video but this of
Neil's chasing down a poor carts down
the hill here it looked terrifying I'll
try and link in the description it's the
most anxiety causing simracing
video I've ever seen in my life I chuck
at the inside carpet look at that racing
line oh don't you start spinning don't
you start spinning don't have a scandi
fix truck before but hey we're in it do
my best to somewhat follow the others
track around and kind of fail it
differently for it
where's the rebel tree oh there is well
that's kind of like a fake one hello a
fake rebel tree love you don't care too
much speed now I am definitely using a
lot the grass here as an extra extra
space let's make this one fit on the
circuit at some points oh I hit
something there okay God be super
careful hitting Bank the stuff you see
what happens the wheels just peace out I
don't wanna be in this film anymore so
again you're kind of seeing the problem
here it's not really any space in the
circuit becomes a bank as soon as we get
to the right side on the left it's a bit
of a drop and that's where wheels like
to go I can't wait to go onto the back
straight that other thing is gonna be an
hour I kind of hope it does but also I'm
not sure if I better hold on to it but
we'll see this is gonna be a really
tight part of a circuit here I've got to
be so careful because there are actually
collidable objects down here I think so
I've come a long way to have the wheels
fall off again now I know I could just
I'm gonna reverse this I know I could
just turn damage off but where's the fun
in that can barely get round this I'll
have to do again I do not know don't you
go up the bank easy
my heart rate is so it's 115 my heart
rate this is more stress than I need for
a video you see if Mischa was driving
this when you hit the wall here he will
read just gone through the warned I sure
would have been fine I can tell you that
now I'm it doesn t take any corners at
any speed you just have to drive over
then I hope it actually does something
and again you've seen the problem here
is that I just do not fit on the track I
don't fit on it there's always a wheel
off circuit at every port every point so
just actually getting up to a hundred
mile an hour you there my truck that is
again terrifying using all the road and
the grass to turn dough now I'm gonna
take this one let's slow it down I tell
you that there's not much steering lock
Eva so you can't just run out of walk
quite quickly seeing I've got the wheel
pretty much all the way over there
horsepower section this lock and we've
got a few thousand a few hundred
thousand what am I gonna do for the
carousel
it's just dawned on me but going for the
carousel on this thing I don't know
that's gonna work I'm also still
terrified that I'm gonna lose my wheels
so go back to the cockpit cam for a bit
oh man this thing is scary coming up to
the bravery calling out I'm gonna need
all my bravery to get faults sideways on
the way in living its light waves in
most vehicles it's sort of recoverable
and this it kinda isn't you come and
just keep going flip it on downshift
there like an absolute Pro now the
carousel will it destroy me here we go
nice and easy
I can't turn that much I can't get it
around yeah the world's best carousel
don't at me there you go
only a free point turn to get round now
this last section of the track it's
usually my favorite to drive in most
cars they said the car low so it gets
quite narrow through here as well so I'm
gonna have to use some more of this
grass here to get round come on now
we're we're getting close to potentially
completing this lap and I really want it
it's taken a few attempts a long time to
get this sample I want it nobody a hot
lap but a lap nonetheless okay crew
women understeer corner up here let's
call it
this isn't this is better this is doing
better we're sort of planted on our down
hill and suddenly you have gravity plus
the court of a million kilograms push
you down hill which is the big concern
the way accelerate
get a little bit too confident now
competence is not something you should
have in this it's something you are
punished for very quickly I don't want
to try and get air air is very bad
come on we're getting there though but
we've been a little bit generous of the
trapped limits but I mean we are a Vicky
all right you're gonna be nice to the
big boys just don't at any moment it's
like it's gonna just slide one way or
another and that'll be our lap over oh I
got the speed the speed no no please
okay I think R okay as long as we just
carefully make our way back onto the
track now remember nothing is collidable
but there are holes in the world and
sometimes it does like to munch your
tyres though is that collidable okay
we're fruit let's have heartburn okay
when you carousel
there you go
and now we're gonna finally get to get a
taste of how fast this thing is in a
straight line now I'm not gonna hold
back here we're gonna go full-bore I
don't know where the rev limiter is in
their eighth gear but I have a feeling
we're gonna get there very very quickly
here we go oh my
Yoshimi 275k to the truck
oh that is terrifying can I make this
caller we're gonna send it in chat
where's sender the he'll send it in
early sending an early send it in very
early we're still going that way maybe
maybe maybe baby baby yes yes oh yes
no the rope on the wheels ago the wheels
ago so you can see what the problem was
here the problem was I was doing 260 KS
in a bunny caterpillar and we're trying
to turn in and we just dissolve and then
we'll say just lay this piece out one
after another and the cells of demons
trying to escape escape help so
according to our lap timer our time was
14 minutes and 17 seconds and not really
set in the world of fire but we did just
try and lap it in a quarter of a million
ton core true million horsepower
caterpillar as you can see there's like
oh say thank you to Nils will let me
drive this crazy thing it was a ton of
fun
hope you guys enjoyed it too it's good
to have fun sometimes especially in
these trying times if you enjoyed it
make sure to that like button hit
subscribe as well and that bail
notification icon take care have an
awesome day I'll see you all next time
[Music]